CasinoCraps
===========

Casino Style Craps for CB

Overview
========

NB:  No gender bias is intended when I refer to broadcasters as female or users
as male.  The reverse (or either) could easily apply - I just find it awkward
to be continually typing his/her.

This app tries to faithfully reproduce (as much as can be done in an app) a
casino style craps table.  The broadcaster plays the role of the "house", while
any number of users may "play" at the table.

At the start of the game, the broadcaster sets her goal(s) and this becomes the
house "bank".  Multiple goals can be set.  For example, a broadcaster may have
in mind a striptease tease show for 1000 with a flash at every 100 tokens (900,
800, 700, etc.)  So she sets that up in the options and the games begins.
Initially the "bank" in the subject shows 1000 tokens (the overall goal). First
player makes a 10 token bet, the dice are rolled, and he loses.  The bank is now
at 1010.  Next player bets 5 on boxcars, dice are rolled, and he wins. (If you
ever played real craps you know boxcars never come up when YOU bet on them! LOL)
The bank is now at 855. Or, being multiplayer, both users (plus many more) could
have all been betting on that same first roll!

Before I go any further, let me make this one point clear:  At no point in time
does the user ever "win" tokens.  Never.  Not happening.  **Once a user has put
down a bet with his tokens, they go to the broadcaster - ALWAYS**.  And he is
NEVER paid back in tokens -- only in adjustments to the broadcaster's bank!!!!!

Craps, with its many multiroll bets, lends itself very nicely to this idea of the
tokens being committed when the bet is placed.  Come, Don't Come, Pass, etc. bets
all become very viable.  Of course, there are some types of bets that are
logistically too difficult to do (basically anything that would require a dealer's
interaction)



